README.md, before:

# Streamsight

![streamsight-logo](assets/streamsight-logo.png)

Streamsight is an offline Reccomender Systems (RecSys) evaluation toolkit that respects a global timeline.
The aim is to partition the data into different windows where data is incrementally released for the programmer
to fit, train and submit predictions. This aims to provide a close simulation of an online setting when evaluating
RecSys algorithms. This library is built on top of the original V1 [Streamsight](https://github.com/HiIAmTzeKean/Streamsight).

### Full Flow Structure
![full-flow](assets/full-flow.png)

[![PyPI Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/streamsightv2.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/streamsightv2/)&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Docs](https://github.com/HiIAmTzeKean/Streamsight/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://hiiamtzekean.github.io/Streamsight/)&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12.5-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

### Pipeline Structure
![library-structure](assets/pipeline-structure.png)


## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2
cd streamsightv2
```

2. Install dependencies locally
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install .
```
Alternatively, dependencies can be installed with poetry
```bash
pip install poetry
poetry install
```
The dependencies are listed in `pyproject.toml`.

## Contributing
- We welcome all contributors, be it reporting an [issue](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2/issues),
or raising a [pull request](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2/pulls) to fix an issue.
- When you make changes, rerun `pip install .` to test your changes.

## Documentation
The documentation can be found [here](https://suenalaba.github.io/streamsightv2/)
and [repository](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2) on Github.

## Citation

If you use this library in any part of your work, please cite the following papers:

```
Ng, T. K. (2024). Streamsight: a toolkit for offline evaluation of recommender systems. Final Year Project (FYP), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. https://hdl.handle.net/10356/181114
```

Commit message:

docs: update README to include publish instructions

README.md, after:

# Streamsight

![streamsight-logo](https://suenalaba.github.io/Streamsightv2/_static/logo_removebg.png)

Streamsight is an offline Reccomender Systems (RecSys) evaluation toolkit that respects a global timeline.
The aim is to partition the data into different windows where data is incrementally released for the programmer
to fit, train and submit predictions. This aims to provide a close simulation of an online setting when evaluating
RecSys algorithms. This library is built on top of the original V1 [Streamsight](https://github.com/HiIAmTzeKean/Streamsight).

### Full Flow Structure
![full-flow](https://suenalaba.github.io/Streamsightv2/_static/full-flow.png)

[![PyPI Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/streamsightv2.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/streamsightv2/)&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Docs](https://github.com/HiIAmTzeKean/Streamsight/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://hiiamtzekean.github.io/Streamsight/)&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12.5-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

### Pipeline Structure
![library-structure](https://suenalaba.github.io/Streamsightv2/_static/pipeline-structure.png)


## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2
cd streamsightv2
```

2. Install dependencies locally
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install .
```
Alternatively, dependencies can be installed with poetry
```bash
pip install poetry
poetry install
```
The dependencies are listed in `pyproject.toml`.

## Contributing
- We welcome all contributors, be it reporting an [issue](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2/issues),
or raising a [pull request](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2/pulls) to fix an issue.
- When you make changes, rerun `pip install .` to test your changes.

## Documentation
The documentation can be found [here](https://suenalaba.github.io/streamsightv2/)
and [repository](https://github.com/suenalaba/streamsightv2) on Github.

## Publishing
1. Run the following command to build the library
```bash
poetry build
```
2. Ensure that your config has been set with
```bash
poetry config pypi-token.pypi <YOUR_PYPI_API_TOKEN_HERE>
```
3. Publish the package
```bash
poetry publish
```

## Citation

If you use this library in any part of your work, please cite the following papers:

```
Ng, T. K. (2024). Streamsight: a toolkit for offline evaluation of recommender systems. Final Year Project (FYP), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. https://hdl.handle.net/10356/181114
```
